content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/kibana/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: How to use Kibana for exploring and visualizing care flow data
---

We use [Kibana](https://www.elastic.co/kibana/), part of the [ELK stack](https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/), as our analytics & dashboarding tool. This page will give you all the information you need to get started with Kibana.

## Access Kibana

You'll need an account to log into Kibana. Please contact your Awell Customer Success Manager to receive your account details.

The Awell Kibana environment can be accessed via [this link](https://kibana.awellhealth.com/login?next=%2F).

## Your Kibana spaces

Kibana uses [spaces](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/xpack-spaces.html) to organize dashboards and other saved objects into meaningful categories. Once inside a space, you'll only see the dashboards and saved objects that belong to that space.

When you log into Kibana, you'll have access to 2 Kibana spaces:
1. **Care Flow Metrics**: Here you can find Awell's default care flow dashboards. You'll only have _view_ rights in this space.
2. **Your dedicated space**: This space will be empty at first but you can create your own dashboards here as you'll have _edit_ rights in this space.

Note: both spaces have access to the same data views (i.e. data).

### Care Flow Metrics space

The Care Flow Metrics space contains 2 default dashboards created by the Awell team:
1. **Business metrics**: This dashboard shows data about the number of care flows started, the monthly active patients (see definition [here](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/monthly-active-patients)), activities created and daily active patients in your Awell tenant.
2. **Pathway monitoring**: This dashboard gives a first impression of the completion rate of care flows by showing the number of steps and activities created vs. completed.

### Your dedicated space

You can use this space to create your own dashboards with the care flow data from the Awell platform.

## Explore your care flow data

The 'Discover' section in Kibana allows you to explore your care flow data. You can access it by opening the main menu on the top left when in a space and clicking on Discover.

**The Discover page consists of the following elements:**
- Top-left: A drop-down menu to select the right data view.
- Left: A table that lists the fields/properties available in the selected data view.
- Top: A search bar to filter the data by using the [Kibana Query Language (KQL)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/kuery-query.html) and an interactive histogram that shows the distribution of data.
- Top right: A share button that allows to download a csv of the (filtered) data.
- Middle: A preview of the (filtered) data.

By default, you'll have access to 4 Awell dataviews in Discover:
1. **orchestration-datapoint**
2. **orchestration-pathway**
3. **orchestration-step**
4. **orchestration-activity**

More info about the above data views can be found on [Data repository](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/data-repository).

## Visualize your care flow data

The 'Dashboard' section in Kibana allows you to view existing dashboards and create new dashboards. You can access it by opening the main menu on the top left when in a space and clicking on Dashboard.

> Note: you'll only be able to edit dashboards in your dedicated space, not in the Care Flow Metrics space.

More info about how to create or update dashboards in Kibana can be found on [Create dashboards with Awell](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/kibana/create-dashboards).

## Additional info about Kibana

Kibana has published a [Kibana guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/introduction.html) where you can find useful information about how to use Kibana, but feel free to reach out to your Awell Customer Success Manager if you have any questions.

Commit message:

Add kibana link for US users

content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/kibana/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: How to use Kibana for exploring and visualizing care flow data
---

We use [Kibana](https://www.elastic.co/kibana/), part of the [ELK stack](https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/), as our analytics & dashboarding tool. This page will give you all the information you need to get started with Kibana.

## Access Kibana

You'll need an account to log into Kibana. Please contact your Awell Customer Success Manager to receive your account details.

The Awell Kibana environment can be accessed in the browser via [this link](https://kibana.awellhealth.com/login?next=%2F)for EU-based users and via [this link](https://kibana.us.awellhealth.com/login?next=%2F) for US-based users.

## Your Kibana spaces

Kibana uses [spaces](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/xpack-spaces.html) to organize dashboards and other saved objects into meaningful categories. Once inside a space, you'll only see the dashboards and saved objects that belong to that space.

When you log into Kibana, you'll have access to 2 Kibana spaces:
1. **Care Flow Metrics**: Here you can find Awell's default care flow dashboards. You'll only have _view_ rights in this space.
2. **Your dedicated space**: This space will be empty at first but you can create your own dashboards here as you'll have _edit_ rights in this space.

Note: both spaces have access to the same data views (i.e. data).

### Care Flow Metrics space

The Care Flow Metrics space contains 2 default dashboards created by the Awell team:
1. **Business metrics**: This dashboard shows data about the number of care flows started, the monthly active patients (see definition [here](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/monthly-active-patients)), activities created and daily active patients in your Awell tenant.
2. **Pathway monitoring**: This dashboard gives a first impression of the completion rate of care flows by showing the number of steps and activities created vs. completed.

### Your dedicated space

You can use this space to create your own dashboards with the care flow data from the Awell platform.

## Explore your care flow data

The 'Discover' section in Kibana allows you to explore your care flow data. You can access it by opening the main menu on the top left when in a space and clicking on Discover.

**The Discover page consists of the following elements:**
- Top-left: A drop-down menu to select the right data view.
- Left: A table that lists the fields/properties available in the selected data view.
- Top: A search bar to filter the data by using the [Kibana Query Language (KQL)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/kuery-query.html) and an interactive histogram that shows the distribution of data.
- Top right: A share button that allows to download a csv of the (filtered) data.
- Middle: A preview of the (filtered) data.

By default, you'll have access to 4 Awell dataviews in Discover:
1. **orchestration-datapoint**
2. **orchestration-pathway**
3. **orchestration-step**
4. **orchestration-activity**

More info about the above data views can be found on [Data repository](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/data-repository).

## Visualize your care flow data

The 'Dashboard' section in Kibana allows you to view existing dashboards and create new dashboards. You can access it by opening the main menu on the top left when in a space and clicking on Dashboard.

> Note: you'll only be able to edit dashboards in your dedicated space, not in the Care Flow Metrics space.

More info about how to create or update dashboards in Kibana can be found on [Create dashboards with Awell](https://developers.awellhealth.com/awell-orchestration/docs/data/kibana/create-dashboards).

## Additional info about Kibana

Kibana has published a [Kibana guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/introduction.html) where you can find useful information about how to use Kibana, but feel free to reach out to your Awell Customer Success Manager if you have any questions.
