content/api-reference/mutations/start-pathway.mdx, before:

---
title: Start pathway
description: Start a new pathway for a given patient
---

## Selecting the version

When starting a pathway, Awell Orchestration automatically chooses the most recent published version of the specified pathway definition.

> Improved support for versioning is coming soon, with the ability to select a specific version when starting a new pathway and upgrading started pathways to newer version.

## Providing input data points

Some pathway definitions expect one or more data points upon start. The expected data points are documented in the `publishedPathwayDefinitions` query (see documentation [here](/api-reference/queries/get-published-pathways)).

```graphql
query GetPublishedPathwayDefinitions {
  publishedPathwayDefinitions {
    publishedPathwayDefinitions {
      id
      title
      dataPointDefinitions {
        id
        key
        valueType
        optional
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Configuring input data points cannot be done through Awell Studio. Contact customer support in order to enable and configure this feature.


## Request

### Mutation

```graphql
mutation StartPathway($input: StartPathwayInput!) {
  startPathway(input: $input) {
    pathway_id
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "input": {
    "patient_id": "{{PATIENT_ID}}",
    "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}"
  }
}
```

### Variables - With input data points

```json
{
  "input": {
    "patient_id": "{{PATIENT_ID}}",
    "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}",
    "data_points": [
      // Repeat for each input data point
      {
        "data_point_definition_id": "{{DATA_POINT_DEFINITION_ID}}",
        "value": "{{DATA_POINT_VALUE}}"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

Commit message:

docs(startpathway): reformulate baseline data points section

content/api-reference/mutations/start-pathway.mdx, after:

---
title: Start pathway
description: Start a new pathway for a given patient
---

## Selecting the version

When starting a pathway, Awell Orchestration automatically chooses the most recent published version of the specified pathway definition.

> Improved support for versioning is coming soon, with the ability to select a specific version when starting a new pathway and upgrading started pathways to newer version.

## Providing baseline data points

You have the ability to pass some initial data when starting a pathway with baseline data points. What data you can pass on pathway start needs to be configured in Awell Studio via the settings (see `Pathway > Settings > General`).

When your baseline data points are configured and your pathway is published, you can query the available baseline data points via the `publishedPathwayDefinitions` query (see documentation [here](/api-reference/queries/get-published-pathways)).

> There are `required` and `optional` baseline data points. A pathway will not be started until all required baseline data points have a value.

```graphql
query GetPublishedPathwayDefinitions {
  publishedPathwayDefinitions {
    publishedPathwayDefinitions {
      id
      title
      dataPointDefinitions {
        id
        key
        valueType
        optional
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Request

### Mutation

```graphql
mutation StartPathway($input: StartPathwayInput!) {
  startPathway(input: $input) {
    pathway_id
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "input": {
    "patient_id": "{{PATIENT_ID}}",
    "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}"
  }
}
```

### Variables - With baseline data points

```json
{
  "input": {
    "patient_id": "{{PATIENT_ID}}",
    "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}",
    "data_points": [
      // Repeat for each input data point
      {
        "data_point_definition_id": "{{DATA_POINT_DEFINITION_ID}}",
        "value": "{{DATA_POINT_VALUE}}"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
