content/api-reference/mutations/submit-form-response.mdx, before:

---
title: Submit form response
description: Submit a form response
---

## Request

### Query

```graphql
mutation SubmitFormResponse($input: SubmitFormResponseInput!) {
  submitFormResponse(input: $input) {
    activity {
      id
      status
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

An example `activity_id` is "Activity/ZIRzBxe37Zs9sLnk7LWJY"

```json
{
  "input": {
    "activity_id": "{{FORM_ACTIVITY_ID}}",
    "response": [
      {
        "question_id": "{{HEIGHT_QUESTION_ID}}",
        "value": "183"
      },
      {
        "question_id": "{{WEIGHT_QUESTION_ID}}",
        "value": "95"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Request Headers

An additional request header is required, to indicate the user id of the form responder. If a patient is submitting the form, for example, then this user id is the patient user's id.

```json
{
  "X-User-ID": "{{USER_ID}}"
}
```

The following input fields are available:

<div className="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Field</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>activity_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the form activity</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the responses to questions in the form</td>
        <td>array of response objects</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response.question_id</td>
        <td>Yes, for each response object</td>
        <td>the id of the question for this response</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response.value</td>
        <td>Yes, for each response object</td>
        <td>
          the value of the response, corresponding to the question's data point
          value type
        </td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

Commit message:

feat(api-reference): improvements on all mutations
- use mutation section title in all mutations
- improve doc on custom X-User-ID header

content/api-reference/mutations/submit-form-response.mdx, after:

---
title: Submit form response
description: Submit a form response
---

## Request

### Mutation

```graphql
mutation SubmitFormResponse($input: SubmitFormResponseInput!) {
  submitFormResponse(input: $input) {
    activity {
      id
      status
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "input": {
    "activity_id": "{{FORM_ACTIVITY_ID}}",
    "response": [
      {
        "question_id": "{{HEIGHT_QUESTION_ID}}",
        "value": "183"
      },
      {
        "question_id": "{{WEIGHT_QUESTION_ID}}",
        "value": "95"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Specifying the user

The optional `X-User-ID` header can be used to specify which user is submitting the form response. When this header is present, Awell Orchestration will log a subactivity indicating that this specific user filled in the form.

```json
{
  "X-User-ID": "{{USER_ID}}"
}
```

The following input fields are available:

<div className="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Field</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>activity_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the form activity</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the responses to questions in the form</td>
        <td>array of response objects</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response.question_id</td>
        <td>Yes, for each response object</td>
        <td>the id of the question for this response</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>response.value</td>
        <td>Yes, for each response object</td>
        <td>
          the value of the response, corresponding to the question's data point
          value type
        </td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>
