content/docs/getting-started/data-access.mdx, before:

---
title: Data access
description: Interact with, explore, and visualize your data
---

We offer different strategies to interact with, explore, and visualize data coming from care pathways.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/data_access_Awell.png"
    alt="Data access"
    className="w-full sm:w-5/6 mx-auto"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">© Awell Health</figcaption>
</figure>

## Webhooks

Webhooks are triggered for every form that is submitted and every data point that is collected. For more information, read [this page](/docs/integrations/webhooks).

## Elastic search

We use Elastic as a data repository to store, index, and search data sets. You can either **connect your own BI tool** to our data sets in Elastic or **use our analytics & dashboarding tool: Kibana**.

Both Elastic and Kibana are running on our own infrastructure.

## Kibana

We use Kibana for dashboarding & data visualization. If you choose to work with Kibana (and not your own BI tool) then we create accounts so you can log in into the tool. In Kibana, you're able to create an unlimited amount of dashboards.

Integrations with your identity provider to log into Kibana are also possible.

Commit message:

docs(data-access): slightly rephrase webhooks paragraph

content/docs/getting-started/data-access.mdx, after:

---
title: Data access
description: Interact with, explore, and visualize your data
---

We offer different strategies to interact with, explore, and visualize data coming from care pathways.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/data_access_Awell.png"
    alt="Data access"
    className="w-full sm:w-5/6 mx-auto"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">© Awell Health</figcaption>
</figure>

## Webhooks

You can subscribe to Webhook events that are triggered every time a [form is submitted](/api-reference/webhooks/form-submitted) or when an individual [data point is collected](https://developers.awellhealth.com/api-reference/webhooks/data-point-collected). For more information, read [this page](/docs/integrations/webhooks).

## Elastic search

We use Elastic as our data repository to store, index, and search pathway data sets. You can either **connect your own BI tool** to our data repository in Elastic or **use our analytics & dashboarding tool: Kibana**.

Both Elastic and Kibana are running on our own infrastructure.

## Kibana

We use Kibana for dashboarding & data visualization. If you choose to work with Kibana (and not your own BI tool) then we create accounts so you can log in into the tool. In Kibana, you're able to create an unlimited amount of dashboards.

Integrations with your identity provider to log into Kibana are also possible.
