content/docs/getting-started/domain-model.mdx, before:

---
title: Domain model
description: Familiarize yourself with our domain model
---

## Pathway

A pathway refers to an instance of a pathway definition that has been started for a specific patient.

```graphql
type Pathway {
  id: ID!                         # Unique identifier of the pathway
  patient_id: String!             # Unique identifier of the patient
  pathway_definition_id: String!  # Unique identifier of the pathway definition
                                  # this pathway is derived from
  start_date: SafeDate            # Start date in ISO8601 format
  status: PathwayStatus!          # Current status of the pathway
  [...]
}
```
See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the pathway type.

## Activities

Activities are the atomic build blocks in an orchestrated pathway. Each activity describes a specific task that needs to be performed by a specific stakeholder at a given point in time.

Awell Orchestration uses the pathway definition to automatically create and schedule activities and assign them to the right stakeholder. Your responsibility is therefore not to schedule individual activities, but to dispatch activities we create to your own users or use them as triggers for additional logic in your system.

Awell Orchestration currently supports the following activity types:

- API Call
- Calculation
- Checklist
- Form
- Message
- Reminder

### Generic structure

Activities use a generic structure (subject + action + object + indirect object) to describe any action that needs to be performed by a human or system.

```graphql
{
  id          # Unique identifier of the activity
  stream_id   # Pathway identifier
  date        # Creation date in ISO8601 format
  subject {   # User or system that created the activity
              # Currently only the Awell system creates activities
    type
    name
  }
  action      # Action performed by the subject when creating
              # the activity.
  object {    # Object that the activity relates to.
    id
    type
    name
  }
  indirect_object { # User or stakeholder this activity was
                    # assigned to. Is omitted when the activity
                    # is assigned to the Awell system.
    id
    type
    name
  }
  [...]
}
```

When an activity is explicitly assigned to a patient or clinical stakeholder, the `indirect_object` property has the following data:
```graphql
# Assigned to patient
indirect_object {
  id: '<PATIENT_ID>'     # Unique identifier of the patient
  type: 'patient'
  name: '<PATIENT_NAME>' # Patient full name, if known  
}
# Assigned to clinical stakeholder
indirect_object {
  id: '<STAKEHOLDER_ID>'      # Unique identifier of the stakeholder
  type: 'stakeholder'
  name: '<STAKEHOLDER_NAME>'  # Stakeholder name
}
```

See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the activity type.

### Example: API Call activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<API_CALL_ID>'   # Unique identifier of the api call
    type: 'api_call'
    name: '<ACTION_TITLE>' # Title defined in pathway definition
  }
  [...]
}
```

### Example: Calculation activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<CALCULATION_ID>'      # Unique identifier of the calculation
    type: 'calculation'
    name: '<CALCULATION_NAME>'  # Calculation name
  }
  [...]
}
```

### Example: Form activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<FORM_ID>'       # Unique version-specific identifier of the form
    type: 'form'
    name: '<FORM_TITLE>'  # Form title
  }
  indirect_object { ... }
  [...]
}
```


## Data point definition

Data point definitions describes and qualify each and every atomic piece of data that can be captured in the lifecycle of a pathway.

```graphql
{
  id              # Unique identifier
  category        # Where the data points will come from
                  # Example: form, calculation, patient_profile, ...
  key             # Human and machine friendly identifier
  value_type      # Data type of the captured values
                  # One of: boolean / date / number / string / numbers_array
  possible_values # List of accepted (value,label) pairs, when relevant.
  range           # Min / Max value, when relevant
}
```

See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the data point definition type.

Commit message:

feat(api-reference): improve create patient documentation

content/docs/getting-started/domain-model.mdx, after:

---
title: Domain model
description: Familiarize yourself with our domain model
---

## Patient

A patient refers to a user that can be included in pathways.

```graphql
type User {
  id: ID!                         # Unique identifier of the patient
  profile: UserProfile            # Optional profile information
}

type UserProfile {
  patient_code: String            # Optional custom identifier
  [...]
}
```

Awell Orchestration does not need to know anything about a patient when orchestrating pathways. Any information saved in a patient profile can be used inside pathway definitions (to customise message content, or enrich api calls / webhook payloads for example), but none of it is required.

The only recommended property to set when creating patients is the `patient_code`, which can be used as a custom identifier to help you reconciliate data with your own patient records.

See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the user type.

## Pathway

A pathway refers to an instance of a pathway definition that has been started for a specific patient.

```graphql
type Pathway {
  id: ID!                         # Unique identifier of the pathway
  patient_id: String!             # Unique identifier of the patient
  pathway_definition_id: String!  # Unique identifier of the pathway definition
                                  # this pathway is derived from
  start_date: SafeDate            # Start date in ISO8601 format
  status: PathwayStatus!          # Current status of the pathway
  [...]
}
```
See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the pathway type.

## Activities

Activities are the atomic build blocks in an orchestrated pathway. Each activity describes a specific task that needs to be performed by a specific stakeholder at a given point in time.

Awell Orchestration uses the pathway definition to automatically create and schedule activities and assign them to the right stakeholder. Your responsibility is therefore not to schedule individual activities, but to dispatch activities we create to your own users or use them as triggers for additional logic in your system.

Awell Orchestration currently supports the following activity types:

- API Call
- Calculation
- Checklist
- Form
- Message
- Reminder

### Generic structure

Activities use a generic structure (subject + action + object + indirect object) to describe any action that needs to be performed by a human or system.

```graphql
{
  id          # Unique identifier of the activity
  stream_id   # Pathway identifier
  date        # Creation date in ISO8601 format
  subject {   # User or system that created the activity
              # Currently only the Awell system creates activities
    type
    name
  }
  action      # Action performed by the subject when creating
              # the activity.
  object {    # Object that the activity relates to.
    id
    type
    name
  }
  indirect_object { # User or stakeholder this activity was
                    # assigned to. Is omitted when the activity
                    # is assigned to the Awell system.
    id
    type
    name
  }
  [...]
}
```

When an activity is explicitly assigned to a patient or clinical stakeholder, the `indirect_object` property has the following data:
```graphql
# Assigned to patient
indirect_object {
  id: '<PATIENT_ID>'     # Unique identifier of the patient
  type: 'patient'
  name: '<PATIENT_NAME>' # Patient full name, if known  
}
# Assigned to clinical stakeholder
indirect_object {
  id: '<STAKEHOLDER_ID>'      # Unique identifier of the stakeholder
  type: 'stakeholder'
  name: '<STAKEHOLDER_NAME>'  # Stakeholder name
}
```

See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the activity type.

### Example: API Call activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<API_CALL_ID>'   # Unique identifier of the api call
    type: 'api_call'
    name: '<ACTION_TITLE>' # Title defined in pathway definition
  }
  [...]
}
```

### Example: Calculation activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<CALCULATION_ID>'      # Unique identifier of the calculation
    type: 'calculation'
    name: '<CALCULATION_NAME>'  # Calculation name
  }
  [...]
}
```

### Example: Form activity

```graphql
{
  subject {
    type: 'awell'
    name: 'Awell'
  }
  action: 'assigned'
  object {
    id: '<FORM_ID>'       # Unique version-specific identifier of the form
    type: 'form'
    name: '<FORM_TITLE>'  # Form title
  }
  indirect_object { ... }
  [...]
}
```


## Data point definition

Data point definitions describes and qualify each and every atomic piece of data that can be captured in the lifecycle of a pathway.

```graphql
{
  id              # Unique identifier
  category        # Where the data points will come from
                  # Example: form, calculation, patient_profile, ...
  key             # Human and machine friendly identifier
  value_type      # Data type of the captured values
                  # One of: boolean / date / number / string / numbers_array
  possible_values # List of accepted (value,label) pairs, when relevant.
  range           # Min / Max value, when relevant
}
```

See the [API Reference](/api-reference/overview/schema) for more information about the data point definition type.
