content/docs/getting-started/pathway-versioning.mdx, before:

---
title: Pathway versioning
description: Iterate and publish new versions of your care pathway
---

A pathway version is an immutable snapshot of the state of all the resources associated with that pathway definition.

## A pathway as a set of resources

**A pathway definition consists of set of resources that are logically linked together.** There are different type of resources and they can change over time as you want to do changes to your pathway (eg: add new steps and transitions, add new forms, ...).

We make a distinction between `shared` and `non-shared` resources.

### Shared resources

**Shared resources are resources that can be re-used across pathways**. There are currently 2 shared resources in our domain model:

1. Forms
2. Calculations

Given that shared resources can be used in multiple pathways, each pathway definition is always associated to a specific version of the shared resource. All of this happens automatically when publishing a new version of your pathway.

### Non-shared resources

Most of the resources in a pathway are not shared:

- Pathway itself (pathway name, pathway settings, ...)
- Tracks
- Steps
- Transitions
- Actions

Although you're able to re-use some of these resources in other pathways, by design they are considered non-shared resources.

## How versioning works

As mentioned above, **publishing a new version creates an immutable snapshot of the state of all the resources associated with your pathway at the time of publishing**.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/pathway_versioning.png"
    alt="Pathway versioning"
    className="w-full mx-auto"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    Pathway versioning
  </figcaption>
</figure>

**Our versioning system works with a simple numerical increment for each new version.** When a pathway is just created, the pathway is "unpublished". As soon as you're ready to publish your pathway, you can publish it from Awell Studio and this will then be marked as version 1 of your pathway. If you decide to do additional changes and publish those changes, that will be become version 2 of your pathway (and so on...).

### Enrolling a new patient in a pathway

Via the `startPathway` mutation, you're able to enroll a patient in a pathway. Note that, when starting a pathway, the Orchestrator automatically enrolls the patient in the last published version of that pathway.

> Improved support for versioning is coming soon, with the ability to select a specific version when starting a new pathway.

### Updating a patient in a previous version to the latest version

It might be that you've included a patient in version 1 of your pathway but you're ready to publish version 2 and you're wondering whether you can "upgrade" the patients enrolled in previous versions to the latest version.

Unfortunately, that's not possible yet but we're working on improved support with the ability to upgrade started pathways to a newer version.

Commit message:

docs(versioning): rename "resources" to "components"

content/docs/getting-started/pathway-versioning.mdx, after:

---
title: Pathway versioning
description: Iterate and publish new versions of your care pathway
---

A pathway version is an immutable snapshot of the state of all the components associated with that pathway definition.

## A pathway as a set of components

**A pathway definition consists of set of components that are logically linked together.** There are different type of components and they can change over time as you want to do changes to your pathway (eg: add new steps and transitions, add new forms, ...).

We make a distinction between `shared` and `non-shared` components.

### Shared components

**Shared components are components that can be re-used across pathways**. There are currently 2 shared components in our domain model:

1. Forms
2. Calculations

Given that shared components can be used in multiple pathways, each pathway definition is always associated to a specific version of the shared component. All of this happens automatically when publishing a new version of your pathway.

### Non-shared components

Most of the components in a pathway are not shared:

- Pathway itself (pathway name, pathway settings, ...)
- Tracks
- Steps
- Transitions
- Actions

Although you're able to re-use some of these components in other pathways, by design they are considered non-shared components.

## How versioning works

As mentioned above, **publishing a new version creates an immutable snapshot of the state of all the components associated with your pathway at the time of publishing**.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/pathway_versioning.png"
    alt="Pathway versioning"
    className="w-full mx-auto"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    Pathway versioning
  </figcaption>
</figure>

**Our versioning system works with a simple numerical increment for each new version.** When a pathway is just created, the pathway is "unpublished". As soon as you're ready to publish your pathway, you can publish it from Awell Studio and this will then be marked as version 1 of your pathway. If you decide to do additional changes and publish those changes, that will be become version 2 of your pathway (and so on...).

### Enrolling a new patient in a pathway

Via the `startPathway` mutation, you're able to enroll a patient in a pathway. Note that, when starting a pathway, the Orchestrator automatically enrolls the patient in the last published version of that pathway.

> Improved support for versioning is coming soon, with the ability to select a specific version when starting a new pathway.

### Updating a patient in a previous version to the latest version

It might be that you've included a patient in version 1 of your pathway but you're ready to publish version 2 and you're wondering whether you can "upgrade" the patients enrolled in previous versions to the latest version.

Unfortunately, that's not possible yet but we're working on improved support with the ability to upgrade started pathways to a newer version.
