content/docs/getting-started/welcome.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome
description: Automate clinical workflows with the Awell platform
---

## What is Awell?

Awell is an easy way to build and orchestrate clinical workflows in days.

## How Awell works

Awell has 3 fundamental pieces to it:

- **Build & Iterate**: clinical and product experts can build and iterate on care flows using forms, checklists, rich messaging, scoring algorithms and conditional logic with our drag & drop builder.
- **Validate & Train**: manage care flow versions, validate them, train the care team and publish for go live.
- **Orchestrate**: own the end-user experience and use our APIs to feed your patient and care teams apps with the next steps, the next information to show or the next data to capture.

## Getting started resources

A few resources to help you get started:

- [Get started with Awell](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/tutorials/get-started-with-awell)
- [The Awell Ecosystem](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/getting-started/awell-ecosystem)
- Familiarize yourself with our [domain model](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/getting-started/domain-model)
- An overview of our [endpoints](https://developers.awellhealth.com/api-reference/overview/endpoints)
- [GraphQL Playground](https://developers.awellhealth.com/api-reference/overview/playground)

For tactical advice and anything related to "How do I do \_\_\_\_ in Awell?" reach out to support through Intercom on the bottom right.

## Integrations and support

From your EMR to scheduling and medication delivery, Awell integrates with your tech stack to build your care flows. Check our [Webhooks](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/integrations/webhooks) and [Healthcare interoperability](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/integrations/healthcare-interoperability) for more information.

Our docs won't be able to cover everything, so if you have any issues, don't hesitate to reach out to support through Intercom on the bottom right.

Commit message:

docs: updated visuals that are aligned with our new website

content/docs/getting-started/welcome.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome
description: Automate clinical workflows with the Awell platform
---

## What is Awell?

Awell offers an easy way to build and operate clinical workflows. Automate work and deliver evidence-based care with powerful flows that make care teams and patients move as one.

## How Awell works

Awell has 3 fundamental pieces to it:

- **Build & Iterate**: clinical and product experts can build and iterate on care flows using forms, checklists, rich messaging, scoring algorithms and conditional logic with our drag & drop builder.
- **Validate & Train**: manage care flow versions, validate them, train the care team and publish for go live.
- **Operate**: own the end-user experience and use our APIs to feed your patient and care teams apps with the next steps, the next information to show or the next data to capture.

## Getting started resources

A few resources to help you get started:

- [Get started with Awell](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/tutorials/get-started-with-awell)
- [The Awell Ecosystem](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/getting-started/awell-ecosystem)
- Familiarize yourself with our [domain model](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/getting-started/domain-model)
- An overview of our [endpoints](https://developers.awellhealth.com/api-reference/overview/endpoints)
- [GraphQL Playground](https://developers.awellhealth.com/api-reference/overview/playground)

For tactical advice and anything related to "How do I do \_\_\_\_ in Awell?" reach out to support through Intercom on the bottom right.

## Integrations and support

From your EMR to scheduling and medication delivery, Awell integrates with your tech stack to build your care flows. Check our [Webhooks](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/integrations/webhooks) and [Healthcare interoperability](https://developers.awellhealth.com/docs/integrations/healthcare-interoperability) for more information.

Our docs won't be able to cover everything, so if you have any issues, don't hesitate to reach out to support through Intercom on the bottom right.
