content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/introduction/what-are-custom-action-extensions.mdx, before:

---
title: What are Custom Action Extensions?
description: Use Custom Action Extensions to add new action types to your care flows
---

## What is an Action?

An action is the most low level and granular **building block at design-time** in a care flow. Compared to tracks and steps which purely help you organize a care flow, **an action defines what needs to happen by who**. There are default or native actions in Awell like a form, message, checklist, and calculation.

Actions can also be classified by whether they should be completed by an actual user (stakeholder) or will (automatically) be completed by a system. We refer to these as **stakeholder-actionable actions** (eg: form) and **system actions** (eg: calculation, API call), respecitively.

### What is an activity?

**When an action is activated at run-time (i.e. orchestration)**, an activity is created in the Awell System to keep track of its start date, status, completion date, etc. The activity stores a reference to the action so we know at all times what action needs to be completed as part of what activity.

At run-time, we create activities because actions can be activated more than. That is why at run-time we talk about activities instead of actions.

## What is a Custom Action Extension?

A Custom Action Extension is an extension that allows for building **one or more custom action types** which you can use in your care flows.

**Custom actions have two components:**

1. Front-end: define the settings of your extension, the UI configuration for the action type, and how the custom action needs to be rendered when its being previewed and orchestrated.
2. Back-end: define the logic of how and when the activity can be completed.

Commit message:

fix: typo in custom action extension

content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/introduction/what-are-custom-action-extensions.mdx, after:

---
title: What are Custom Action Extensions?
description: Use Custom Action Extensions to add new action types to your care flows
---

## What is an Action?

An action is the most low level and granular **building block at design-time** in a care flow. Compared to tracks and steps which purely help you organize a care flow, **an action defines what needs to happen by who**. There are default or native actions in Awell like a form, message, checklist, and calculation.

Actions can also be classified by whether they should be completed by an actual user (stakeholder) or will (automatically) be completed by a system. We refer to these as **stakeholder-actionable actions** (eg: form) and **system actions** (eg: calculation, API call), respecitively.

### What is an activity?

**When an action is activated at run-time (i.e. orchestration)**, an activity is created in the Awell System to keep track of its start date, status, completion date, etc. The activity stores a reference to the action so we know at all times what action needs to be completed as part of what activity.

At run-time, we create activities because a single action can be activated more than once. That is why at run-time we talk about activities instead of actions. The information about the action itself is embedded in the activity.

## What is a Custom Action Extension?

A Custom Action Extension is an extension that allows for building **one or more custom action types** which you can use in your care flows.

**Custom actions have two components:**

1. Front-end: define the settings of your extension, the UI configuration for the action type, and how the custom action needs to be rendered when its being previewed and orchestrated.
2. Back-end: define the logic of how and when the activity can be completed.
