content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/healthcare-interoperability.mdx, before:

---
title: Healthcare interoperability
description: International data-sharing standards like HL7 and FHIR are meant to enhance healthcare interoperability
---

One of the biggest challenges in healthcare has always been interoperability. Luckily, there are international data-sharing standards for healthcare like [HL7](https://www.hl7.org/implement/standards/product_brief.cfm?product_id=185) and [FHIR](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/) addressing these issues.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative -mt-10">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/6294e9fba51345c0e7b9731f_Integration.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/6294e9fba51345c0e7b9731f_Integration.png"
      alt="Interoperability in Healthcare - Awell Health loves your systems"
      className="w-11/12 sm:w-7/12 mx-auto"
    />
  </a>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400">
    Awell Health loves your systems
  </figcaption>
</figure>

These standards define how healthcare information can be exchanged between different systems regardless of how it is stored in those systems. It allows healthcare information, including clinical and administrative data, to be available securely to those who have a need to access it, and to those who have the right to do so for the benefit of a patient receiving care.

## How Awell facilitates interoperability

**We faciliate interoperability through** [MirthConnect](https://www.nextgen.com/products-and-services/integration-engine).

<div className="flex justify-center">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/kkontichfc/image/upload/v1649752641/mirth-logo_tkjqfz.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/kkontichfc/image/upload/v1649752641/mirth-logo_tkjqfz.png"
      alt="MirthConnect"
      className="w-48"
    />
  </a>
</div>

**MirthConnect is the leading Open Source healthcare and integration engine** and can be seen as a piece of middleware that connects health information systems (eg: Awell Health and your system) so they can exchange clinical and administrative data in the appropriate format (HL7, FHIR, ...).

### Awell & MirthConnect

Our team of Mirth experts has built dozens of integrations with EMR/EHR, lab, and scheduling systems with MirthConnect. HL7, FHIR, XML, or JSON? It doesn't matter, with MirthConnect we can communicate with any system in any format.

### Use cases

Below a couple of integration uses cases we have implemented with MirthConnect:

- Start, update, or delete a care pathway based on messages from the hospital's scheduling system (eg: HL7 SIU)
- Clinical data exchange between Awell and a destination system (eg: hospital) over HL7 ORU or FHIR
- Import patient data from the hospital (eg: HL7 ADT A19 QRY)

> Do you have a concrete interoperability or integration use case and want to know if we can support it? Get in touch with our support team and we'll get back to you!

Commit message:

docs(data): clarify that Awell does not store data in HL7 or FHIR formats (#151)

content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/healthcare-interoperability.mdx, after:

---
title: Healthcare interoperability
description: International data-sharing standards like HL7 and FHIR are meant to enhance healthcare interoperability
---

One of the biggest challenges in healthcare has always been interoperability. Luckily, there are international data-sharing standards for healthcare like [HL7](https://www.hl7.org/implement/standards/product_brief.cfm?product_id=185) and [FHIR](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/) addressing these issues.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative -mt-10">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/6294e9fba51345c0e7b9731f_Integration.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/6294e9fba51345c0e7b9731f_Integration.png"
      alt="Interoperability in Healthcare - Awell Health loves your systems"
      className="w-11/12 sm:w-7/12 mx-auto"
    />
  </a>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400">
    Awell Health loves your systems
  </figcaption>
</figure>

These standards define how healthcare information can be exchanged between different systems regardless of how it is stored in those systems. It allows healthcare information, including clinical and administrative data, to be available securely to those who have a need to access it, and to those who have the right to do so for the benefit of a patient receiving care.

## How Awell facilitates interoperability

**We faciliate interoperability through** [MirthConnect](https://www.nextgen.com/products-and-services/integration-engine).

<div className="flex justify-center">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/kkontichfc/image/upload/v1649752641/mirth-logo_tkjqfz.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/kkontichfc/image/upload/v1649752641/mirth-logo_tkjqfz.png"
      alt="MirthConnect"
      className="w-48"
    />
  </a>
</div>

**MirthConnect is the leading Open Source healthcare and integration engine** and can be seen as a piece of middleware that connects health information systems (eg: Awell Health and your system) so they can exchange clinical and administrative data in the appropriate format (HL7, FHIR, ...).

### Awell & MirthConnect

Today, resources in Awell are not stored in HL7 or FHIR formats. Where we do not support working with these formats directly (e.g. through mapping or transformations), we can easily convert our resources to these standardised formats using MirthConnect. Our team of Mirth experts has built dozens of integrations with EMR/EHR, lab, and scheduling systems with MirthConnect. HL7, FHIR, XML, or JSON? It doesn't matter, with MirthConnect we can communicate with any system in any format.

### Use cases

Below a couple of integration uses cases we have implemented with MirthConnect:

- Start, update, or delete a care pathway based on messages from the hospital's scheduling system (eg: HL7 SIU)
- Clinical data exchange between Awell and a destination system (eg: hospital) over HL7 ORU or FHIR
- Import patient data from the hospital (eg: HL7 ADT A19 QRY)

> Do you have a concrete interoperability or integration use case and want to know if we can support it? Get in touch with our support team and we'll get back to you!
