content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/monthly-active-patients.mdx, before:

---
title: Monthly active patients (MAPs)
description: Understand our pricing by understanding what a monthly active patient is
---

The definition of a monthly active patient (MAP) is based on whether an activity in a workflow was orchestrated for a given patient. **This means that you're not billed for the use of Awell Studio, only for Awell Orchestration.**

## Operating a clinical workflow

Whenever Awell Orchestration operates a clinical workflow, it processes the flow built in Awell Studio and translates it to a set of activities that represent the pathway of an individual patient.

## What is an active patient?

**A patient is active if Awell Orchestration performed at least one of the following activities for that patient:**

1. Pathway was started
2. Action was activated
3. Reminder was triggered

Please note that the patient does not need to have been active themselves. For example, the sending of a reminder marks that patient as active.

## FAQ

**Does it matter how many activities are operated for a patient?**<br/>
No. Whether Awell Orchestration operated 1 or 1000 activities for a given patient in a given month, that patient will be billed only once in that month. This means we do not disincentivise you from building pathways with many activities, on the contrary.

**If an action was activated in June but completed in July, will the patient be considered active in both June & July?**<br/>
No. To avoid billing twice for the same action, we only take activation of an action into account. If a form has been made available for a patient in June but submitted in July, that patient will be billed only in June.

Commit message:

feat: rebrand pathways to care flow

content/awell-orchestration/docs/data/monthly-active-patients.mdx, after:

---
title: Monthly active patients (MAPs)
description: Understand our pricing by understanding what a monthly active patient is
---

The definition of a monthly active patient (MAP) is based on whether an activity in a care flow/pathway was orchestrated for a given patient. **This means that you're not billed for the use of Awell Studio, only for Awell Orchestration.**

## Operating a care flow/pathway

Whenever Awell Orchestration operates a care flow/pathway, it processes the flow built in Awell Studio and translates it to a set of activities that represent the pathway of an individual patient.

## What is an active patient?

**A patient is active if Awell Orchestration performed at least one of the following activities for that patient:**

1. Pathway was started
2. Action was activated
3. Reminder was triggered

Please note that the patient does not need to have been active themselves. For example, the sending of a reminder marks that patient as active.

## FAQ

**Does it matter how many activities are operated for a patient?**<br/>
No. Whether Awell Orchestration operated 1 or 1000 activities for a given patient in a given month, that patient will be billed only once in that month. This means we do not disincentivise you from building care flows/pathways with many activities, on the contrary.

**If an action was activated in June but completed in July, will the patient be considered active in both June & July?**<br/>
No. To avoid billing twice for the same action, we only take activation of an action into account. If a form has been made available for a patient in June but submitted in July, that patient will be billed only in June.
