content/awell-orchestration/docs/trigger-care-flows/trigger-types/awell-hosted-pages-link.mdx, before:

---
title: Awell Hosted Pages Link
description: Let patients and care team members start care flows simply by clicking a link
---

**Awell can generate a shareable link for your published care flow that, upon clicking, starts a care flow** and immediately returns a session URL to [Awell Hosted Pages](/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/overview-hosted-pages) so the user who clicked the link can immediately interact with their activities.

This trigger is perfect when:

1. You want patients to be able to self-enroll in a care flow. E.g. start an intake or onboarding flow upon clicking a button on your website or in your app.
2. Since a patient initiates the trigger by clicking a link, there will be an instant feedback mechanism where [Hosted Pages](/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/overview-hosted-pages) will be displayed to the user, enabling them to immediately complete their activities.

## How to

### Hosted Pages Link

In Awell Studio, you can generate a shareable Hosted Pages Link which, upon clicking, starts a care flow and navigates the user who clicked the link to Awell Hosted Pages. Learn more [here](https://help.awellhealth.com/en/articles/8205067-hosted-pages-settings#h_ff100e8431).

**The link can also be downloaded as a QR code.** Patients can start a care flow easily by scanning the code using their mobile device.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative">
  <div className="bg-white p-12 w-full sm:p-4 mx-auto rounded-md">
    <a
      href="https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/894781850/e73580e09b11d9a09efeae68/image.png"
      target="_blank"
      title="Hosted Pages Link"
    >
      <img
        src="https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/894781850/e73580e09b11d9a09efeae68/image.png"
        alt="Hosted Pages Link"
      />
    </a>
  </div>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-2">
    Get your shareable link
  </figcaption>
</figure>

### Session

You can use [this mutation](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/mutations/start-pathway-and-hosted-pages-session) to programmatically start a care flow and immediately create a session with just a single API call.

The concept is to invoke this mutation when a user clicks a button or link. This mutation will then provide a `session_url` to which you can redirect the user.

<Alert title="Sessions and Hosted Pages Links" type="info">
  <p>
    Learn more about Sessions and Hosted Pages Links{' '}
    <a
      href="/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/sessions-and-links"
      title="Sessions and Links"
    >
      here
    </a>
    .
  </p>
</Alert>

## Use cases

- A patient clicks a button on your website or app to start an onboarding flow
- A patient can self-enroll in a self-help care flow via your website or app
- Let patients scan a QR code in the waiting room to complete a pre-visit intake
- Send a link over email to your patient population

Commit message:

docs(hosted-pages-link): identifiers

content/awell-orchestration/docs/trigger-care-flows/trigger-types/awell-hosted-pages-link.mdx, after:

---
title: Awell Hosted Pages Link
description: Let patients and care team members start care flows simply by clicking a link
---

**Awell can generate a shareable link for your published care flow that, upon clicking, starts a care flow** and immediately returns a session URL to [Awell Hosted Pages](/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/overview-hosted-pages) so the user who clicked the link can immediately interact with their activities.

This trigger is perfect when:

1. You want patients to be able to self-enroll in a care flow. E.g. start an intake or onboarding flow upon clicking a button on your website or in your app.
2. Since a patient initiates the trigger by clicking a link, there will be an instant feedback mechanism where [Hosted Pages](/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/overview-hosted-pages) will be displayed to the user, enabling them to immediately complete their activities.

## How to

### Hosted Pages Link

In Awell Studio, you can generate a shareable Hosted Pages Link which, upon clicking, starts a care flow and navigates the user who clicked the link to Awell Hosted Pages. Learn more [here](https://help.awellhealth.com/en/articles/8205067-hosted-pages-settings#h_ff100e8431).

**The link can also be downloaded as a QR code.** Patients can start a care flow easily by scanning the code using their mobile device.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative">
  <div className="bg-white p-12 w-full sm:p-4 mx-auto rounded-md">
    <a
      href="https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/894781850/e73580e09b11d9a09efeae68/image.png"
      target="_blank"
      title="Hosted Pages Link"
    >
      <img
        src="https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/894781850/e73580e09b11d9a09efeae68/image.png"
        alt="Hosted Pages Link"
      />
    </a>
  </div>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-2">
    Get your shareable link
  </figcaption>
</figure>

### Session

You can use [this mutation](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/mutations/start-pathway-and-hosted-pages-session) to programmatically start a care flow and immediately create a session with just a single API call.

The concept is to invoke this mutation when a user clicks a button or link. This mutation will then provide a `session_url` to which you can redirect the user.

<Alert title="Sessions and Hosted Pages Links" type="info">
  <p>
    Learn more about Sessions and Hosted Pages Links{' '}
    <a
      href="/awell-orchestration/docs/interact-with-care-flows/awell-hosted-pages/sessions-and-links"
      title="Sessions and Links"
    >
      here
    </a>
    .
  </p>
</Alert>

## Associate a patient with your care flow

When using the default [shareable Hosted Pages Link](#hosted-pages-link), a care flow is started and assigned to an anonymous patient profile in Awell. Normally, you'd want to ensure that these care flows can be connected back to a specific patient profile in Awell, so you can match them with a patient in your own system. There are two methods available to make sure your care flows are correctly linked to identifiable patient profiles in Awell.

### Identify through URL parameters

If the linked is clicked within a context where the patient's identity is already established (e.g. patient is logged into your app), the identity of the patient is known. **In such cases, we enable you to append an identifier to the link, indicating which specific patient the care flow should be started for.**

```
https://goto.awell.health/l/86eay?identifier=<identifier_system>|<identifier_value>
```

When the link is clicked, Awell verifies whether a patient with the provided identifier already exists. If a patient with that identifier is found, the care flow is started for this existing patient. If there is no matching patient, Awell creates a new patient profile and immediately assigns the identifier to this new profile.

**We only allow identifiers in URL query parameters for security reasons**; passing any other patient data (PHI) this way is not permitted. Consequently, when using the shareable link, you are limited to passing only an identifier. This limitation is particularly relevant when a patient profile does not yet exist in Awell, as no additional patient data can be passed through the link.

TO ADD: the additional patient data (all data besides the identifier) could be fetched by the care flow using the provided identifier. This means that is okay that you can't pass more PHI through the link as we provide means to fetch it safely during the care flow.

### Sessions

**If you want more control over the patient creation process, the data you'd like to pass about a patient when they don't exist yet, or have baseline information in your care flow**, the use of [Sessions](#session) is recommended, as it offers complete control over these aspects.

### Identify during the care flow

In addition to using the shareable Hosted Pages link and Sessions, another option is to identify a patient within your care flow and link the care flow to an existing profile. This approach involves creating specific actions within your care flow designed to support patient identification and assignment.

GIVE EXAMPLES HERE.

## Use cases

- A patient clicks a button on your website or app to start an onboarding flow
- A patient can self-enroll in a self-help care flow via your website or app
- Let patients scan a QR code in the waiting room to complete a pre-visit intake
- Send a link over email to your patient population
