content/awell-orchestration/docs/manage-coordinate-care/awell-and-retool.mdx, before:

---
title: Awell and Retool
description: Leverage Retool to build internal tools to manage & operate pathways and patients
---

Retool lets you quickly build internal tools with rich GUIs around any sort of database or API without writing a single line of code or the need of having developers work for weeks on an app.

## Manage & operate pathways with Retool

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center pt-4">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1661331816/Developer%20portal/Retool-and-Awell.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link dark:bg-white p-4 dark:rounded-lg"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1661331816/Developer%20portal/Retool-and-Awell.png"
      alt="Awell and Retool"
      className="w-full sm:w-11/12 mx-auto"
    />
  </a>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    Manage & operate pathways with Retool
  </figcaption>
</figure>

In order to deliver & coordinate care efficiently, you will need some kind of overview of all your pathways, pathways that need attention, and more. This is usually a place where health care professionals and providers can log in to get an overview of who needs care.

<Alert type="info" title="Retool to manage & operate pathways">
  <p>
    For managing & operating pathways, a platform like Retool can be leveraged
    to build the tools needed to manage, operate, and coordinate care pathways.
  </p>
</Alert>

## Who it is for

- Startups looking to get their first pathways live rapidly.
- Growing businesses seeking to optimize the way they deliver care and want to leverage care flows or pathways.
- Large companies who want to get started with care flows or pathways for new business lines without dedicated teams.
- Teams with limited developer resources but enough technical knowledge to get something started in Retool.

## Getting stared with Awell & Retool

We have written a comprehensible guide on how to get started with Retool to build the views you will need to manage & operate clinical workflows. We also made templates available that you can import in your Retool account to get started in no time.

More information coming soon!

## FAQ

<FAQ
  faqs={[
    {
      question: 'Who needs to build these pages in Retool?',
      answer:
        "It's your responsibility to create and maintain these pages. You thus have full flexibility in what you want to create and how far you want to go.",
    },
    {
      question: 'Does this mean we need to get a subscription for Retool?',
      answer:
        'Retool has a free tier to get you started which you could use to validate its purpose. For bigger teams a team or business license is probably recommended. Have a look at the Retool website for more information!',
    },
    {
      question:
        'Do you have any Retool template we can leverage to get started quickly?',
      answer:
        'Yes! We have some templates available to you can easily import in your organization and use as a basis.',
    },
  ]}
/>

Commit message:

feat(awell-retool): finalize v1 page

content/awell-orchestration/docs/manage-coordinate-care/awell-and-retool.mdx, after:

---
title: Awell and Retool
description: Leverage Retool to build internal tools to manage & operate pathways and patients
---

Retool lets you quickly build internal tools with rich GUIs around any sort of database or API without writing a single line of code or the need of having developers work for weeks on an app.

## Manage & operate pathways with Retool

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center pt-4">
  <a
    href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1661331816/Developer%20portal/Retool-and-Awell.png"
    target="_blank"
    className="custom-link dark:bg-white p-4 dark:rounded-lg"
  >
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1661331816/Developer%20portal/Retool-and-Awell.png"
      alt="Awell and Retool"
      className="w-full sm:w-11/12 mx-auto"
    />
  </a>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    Manage & operate pathways with Retool
  </figcaption>
</figure>

In order to deliver & coordinate care efficiently, you will need some kind of overview of all your pathways, pathways that need attention, and more. This is usually a place where health care professionals and providers can log in to get an overview of who needs care.

<Alert type="info" title="Retool to manage & operate pathways">
  <p>
    For managing & operating pathways, a platform like Retool can be leveraged
    to build the tools needed to manage, operate, and coordinate care pathways.
  </p>
</Alert>

## Who it is for

- Startups looking to get their first pathways live rapidly.
- Growing businesses seeking to optimize the way they deliver care and want to leverage care flows or pathways.
- Large companies who want to get started with care flows or pathways for new business lines without dedicated teams.
- Teams with limited developer resources but enough technical knowledge to get something started in Retool.

## Getting stared with Awell & Retool

We have written a comprehensible guide on how to get started with Retool to build the views you will need to manage & operate clinical workflows. We also made templates available that you can import in your Retool account to get started in no time.

Get in touch with us if you are interested in using Retool (leave us a message through Intercom in the bottom right corner of the screen) and we'll help you get up and running!

## FAQ

<FAQ
  faqs={[
    {
      question: 'Who needs to build these pages in Retool?',
      answer:
        "It's your responsibility to create and maintain these pages. You thus have full flexibility in what you want to create and how far you want to go.",
    },
    {
      question: 'Does this mean we need to get a subscription for Retool?',
      answer:
        'Retool has a free tier to get you started which you could use to validate its purpose. For bigger teams a team or business license is probably recommended. Have a look at the Retool website for more information!',
    },
    {
      question:
        'Do you have any Retool template we can leverage to get started quickly?',
      answer:
        'Yes! We have some templates available to you can easily import in your organization and use as a basis.',
    },
  ]}
/>
