content/api-reference/queries/get-pathway-elements.mdx, before:

---
title: Get pathway elements
description: Pathway elements help you construct a clear picture of where you are in the lifespan of a pathway
---

Where pathway activities represent every granular activity related to the operation or orchestration of a pathway, Elements are the building blocks of a pathway represented by their logical (e.g. this step belongs to a parent track) and chronological (e.g. this step's completion date depends on when all its child actions are completed) dependencies.

## Elements of a pathway

By reflecting dependencies between the pathway building blocks, Elements allow us to reflect a pathway's overall shape. This means we can generate a clear picture of not just when we are (as with activities), but where we are in the lifespan of an orchestrated pathway. This makes them perfect for constructing Gantt or Timeline-style views that give users high-level or granular views of a patient's progress through a care flow.

### Element types

**A pathway consists of the following types of elements:**

- Pathway
- Tracks
- Steps
- Actions
- Triggers (not yet supported in the query)

There is hierarchy to elements. An action's parent is a Step. A Step's parent is a Track. A Track's parent is a Pathway. In other words, `Pathway -> Track -> Step -> Action`. Pathways, being the largest unit of pathway definition themselves, do not have parents.

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathwayElements($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathwayElements(pathway_id: $pathway_id) {
    elements {
      id
      parent_id # id of this element's parent. one of `pathway_id`, `track_id` or `step_id` from the context object below
      name
      status # one of 'active', 'done' or 'scheduled'
      type # one of 'pathway', 'track', 'step', 'action' or 'trigger'
      activity_type # one of 'api_call', 'calculation', 'checklist', 'form', 'message' or 'push_to_emr'
      start_date
      end_date # for a completed element, this is the completion date of the final action element in it
      stakeholders {
        id
        name
      }
      context {
        instance_id
        pathway_id
        track_id
        step_id
        action_id
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```

## Timeline view

We use the `pathwayElements` query ourselves to render a timeline representation of pathways. There are a multitude of timeline and gantt libraries out there but we've used [DHTMLX Gantt](https://dhtmlx.com/docs/products/dhtmlxGantt/).

> Do you want to know more about our Timeline view? Or do you need any help to implement this view or any other view? Give us a shout via the Intercom chat!

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/timeline_view.png"
    alt="Data access"
    className="w-full mx-auto dark:rounded-lg dark:p-2 dark:bg-white"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    © Awell Health Timeline View
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Commit message:

docs(pathwayelements): rephrase timeline view section

content/api-reference/queries/get-pathway-elements.mdx, after:

---
title: Get pathway elements
description: Pathway elements help you construct a clear picture of where you are in the lifespan of a pathway
---

Where pathway activities represent every granular activity related to the operation or orchestration of a pathway, Elements are the building blocks of a pathway represented by their logical (e.g. this step belongs to a parent track) and chronological (e.g. this step's completion date depends on when all its child actions are completed) dependencies.

## Elements of a pathway

Elements allow us to reflect a pathway's overall shape. This means we can generate a clear picture of not just when we are (as with activities), but where we are in the lifespan of an orchestrated pathway. This makes them perfect for constructing [Gantt or Timeline-style views](#timeline-view) that give users high-level or granular views of a patient's progress through a care flow.

### Element types

**A pathway consists of the following types of elements:**

- Pathway
- Tracks
- Steps
- Actions
- Triggers (not yet supported in the query)

There is hierarchy to elements. An action's parent is a Step. A Step's parent is a Track. A Track's parent is a Pathway. In other words, `Pathway -> Track -> Step -> Action`. Pathways, being the largest unit of pathway definition themselves, do not have parents.

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathwayElements($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathwayElements(pathway_id: $pathway_id) {
    elements {
      id
      parent_id # id of this element's parent. one of `pathway_id`, `track_id` or `step_id` from the context object below
      name
      status # one of 'active', 'done' or 'scheduled'
      type # one of 'pathway', 'track', 'step', 'action' or 'trigger'
      activity_type # one of 'api_call', 'calculation', 'checklist', 'form', 'message' or 'push_to_emr'
      start_date
      end_date # for a completed element, this is the completion date of the final action element in it
      stakeholders {
        id
        name
      }
      context {
        instance_id
        pathway_id
        track_id
        step_id
        action_id
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```

## Timeline view

The `pathwayElements` query is perfect for constructing Gantt or Timeline-style views that give users high-level or granular views of a patient's progress through a care flow.

We leverage this query ourselves to construct a Timeline view, you can see an example below. There are a multitude of timeline and gantt libraries out there but we've used [DHTMLX Gantt](https://dhtmlx.com/docs/products/dhtmlxGantt/).

> Do you want to know more about our Timeline view? Or do you need any help to implement this view or any other view? Give us a shout via the Intercom chat!

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center">
  <img
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1651756063/Developer%20portal/timeline_view.png"
    alt="Data access"
    className="w-full mx-auto dark:rounded-lg dark:p-2 dark:bg-white"
  />
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-1">
    © Awell Health Timeline View
  </figcaption>
</figure>
