content/api-reference/queries/get-pathway.mdx, before:

---
title: Get pathway
description: Get all information for a given pathway
---

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathway($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathway(id: $pathway_id) {
    pathway {
      id
      title
      status
      patient {
        id
        profile {
          name
        }
      }
      tracks {
        id
        title
      }
      activities {
        id
        stream_id
        subject {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        action
        date
        object {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        indirect_object {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        status
        resolution
        reference_id
        track {
          id
          title
        }
        container_name
        label {
          id
          text
          color
        }
        sub_activities {
          id
          date
          action
          error
          subject {
            id
            type
            name
          }
          object {
            id
            type
            name
          }
        }
        isUserActivity
        context {
          instance_id
          pathway_id
          track_id
          step_id
          action_id
        }
      }
      dashboards {
        dashboard_ids
        cumulio_auth_id
        cumulio_auth_token
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: small improvements + link to Etienne's domain model page from a couple of query pages

content/api-reference/queries/get-pathway.mdx, after:

---
title: Get pathway
description: Get all information for a given pathway
---

> We suggest reading the page on our [domain model](/docs/getting-started/domain-model) first to get an understanding of the pathway model.

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathway($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathway(id: $pathway_id) {
    pathway {
      id
      title
      status
      patient {
        id
        profile {
          name
        }
      }
      tracks {
        id
        title
      }
      activities {
        id
        stream_id
        subject {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        action
        date
        object {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        indirect_object {
          id
          type
          name
        }
        status
        resolution
        reference_id
        track {
          id
          title
        }
        container_name
        label {
          id
          text
          color
        }
        sub_activities {
          id
          date
          action
          error
          subject {
            id
            type
            name
          }
          object {
            id
            type
            name
          }
        }
        isUserActivity
        context {
          instance_id
          pathway_id
          track_id
          step_id
          action_id
        }
      }
      dashboards {
        dashboard_ids
        cumulio_auth_id
        cumulio_auth_token
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```
