content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/create-an-action.mdx, before:

---
title: Create an action
description: Add a Custom Action to your extension
---

**Within your action code, you will:**

1. Define some basic settings about your action like the title, icon, and category
2. Define how your action can be configured by the user
3. Define the logic of what needs to happen when the action is activated in a pathway.

## Fields

### Key

A unique identifier for your action. We recommend using a camelCase string.

### Title

The title or name of your action.

### Category

The category of your action. In Awell Studio, actions are logically grouped and shown to the user based on the category.

### Icon (optional)

The icon for your action. We recommend icons with a size of minimally `60x60` so it can be down- or upscaled depending on the context it is shown in.

### Description (optional)

A human-readable description of your action.

### Previewable (optional)

When set to true, your action will be executed in preview as it would be in orchestration. Defaults to `false`.

### Fields

The configuration fields for your action. These configuration fields are displayed in Awell Studio when a user adds the action to a pathway. Learn more about action fields [here](/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/action-fields)

### onActivityCreated

When your action is activated (and thus becomes an activity), the Awell system publishes a message that is received by the extension server, which will call the `onActivityCreated` function defined in your action. **In this function you will write the logic to handle what needs to happen when your action is activated.**

Learn more about the `onActivityCreated` function [here](/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/on-activity-created)

## Example

```typescript
const actionFields = {
  name: {
    id: 'name',
    label: 'What is your name?',
    type: FieldType.TEXT,
    required: true,
  },
} satisfies Record<string, Field>

export const myFirstAction: Action<typeof fields, typeof settings> = {
  key: 'logYourName',
  category: 'Demo',
  title: 'Log Your Name',
  fields: actionFields,
  previewable: true,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete): Promise<void> => {
    const { activity, fields, settings } = payload
    console.log('My name is:' + fields.name)
    await onComplete()
  },
}
```

Commit message:

docs(actions): action title with verb convention

content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/create-an-action.mdx, after:

---
title: Create an action
description: Add a Custom Action to your extension
---

**Within your action code, you will:**

1. Define some basic settings about your action like the title, icon, and category
2. Define how your action can be configured by the user
3. Define the logic of what needs to happen when the action is activated in a pathway.

## Fields

### Key

A unique identifier for your action. We recommend using a camelCase string.

### Title

The title or name of your action. **By convention, we highly recommend start your action title with a verb.** Some examples:

- Send SMS
- Schedule appointment
- Generate random number
- Create appointment
- ...

### Category

The category of your action. In Awell Studio, actions are logically grouped and shown to the user based on the category.

### Icon (optional)

The icon for your action. We recommend icons with a size of minimally `60x60` so it can be down- or upscaled depending on the context it is shown in.

### Description (optional)

A human-readable description of your action.

### Previewable (optional)

When set to true, your action will be executed in preview as it would be in orchestration. Defaults to `false`.

### Fields

The configuration fields for your action. These configuration fields are displayed in Awell Studio when a user adds the action to a pathway. Learn more about action fields [here](/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/action-fields)

### onActivityCreated

When your action is activated (and thus becomes an activity), the Awell system publishes a message that is received by the extension server, which will call the `onActivityCreated` function defined in your action. **In this function you will write the logic to handle what needs to happen when your action is activated.**

Learn more about the `onActivityCreated` function [here](/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/on-activity-created)

## Example

```typescript
const actionFields = {
  name: {
    id: 'name',
    label: 'What is your name?',
    type: FieldType.TEXT,
    required: true,
  },
} satisfies Record<string, Field>

export const myFirstAction: Action<typeof fields, typeof settings> = {
  key: 'logYourName',
  category: 'Demo',
  title: 'Log Your Name',
  fields: actionFields,
  previewable: true,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete): Promise<void> => {
    const { activity, fields, settings } = payload
    console.log('My name is:' + fields.name)
    await onComplete()
  },
}
```
