content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/on-activity-created.mdx, before:

---
title: onActivityCreated function
description: Define the logic of what needs to happen when your action is activated
---

The `onActivityCreated` function is called whenever orchestration or design (preview) activates a Custom Action. It will publish a message that is received by the extension server, which automatically finds the right Custom Action and calls the `onActivityCreated` function defined in that action.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative my-16">
  <div className="bg-white w-full mx-auto rounded-md dark:p-4 mx-auto">
    <a
      href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1678711700/Developer%20portal/onActivityCreatedWithCallbacks.png"
      target="_blank"
      title="onActivityCreated with callbacks"
    >
      <img
        src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1678711700/Developer%20portal/onActivityCreatedWithCallbacks.png"
        alt="onActivityCreated with callbacks"
      />
    </a>
  </div>
</figure>

**The `onActivityCreated` function has a couple of parameters that will be useful when developing an extension:**

1. **Payload:** not only gives you access to the values of your extension settings and action fields but also to patient and pathway-related data.
2. **Callbacks:** they allow you to communicate with the Design (preview) or Orchestration engine and delegate back control to them. An extension should either call the `onComplete` or `onError` function.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
    ...,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete, onError) => {
    // Do something here
  },
}
```

## Payload

The payload allows you to access the values of your extension settings, action fields, and patient data.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload) => {
    const {
      patient, // access patient profile data for patient enrolled in pathway the activity is related to
      fields, // access the values of your action fields
      settings, // access the values of your extension settings
    } = payload

    // Do something
  },
}
```

## onComplete callback

The `onComplete` callback can be called to confirm your activity has been completed and can be called with the following (optional) parameters:

- **Data points:** allows you to ingest values in the pathway through data points which can then be used by the pathway builder for conditional logic, variables, and more.
- **Events:** activity events can be used to provide more granular info on what the extension does. These events will be displayed under the "updates" tab in Awell Studio & Awell Care.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete) => {
    const randomNumber = Math.random()

    await onComplete({
      data_points: {
        // Will create a "randomNumber" data point in the pathway and assign
        // the randomly generated number as the value
        randomNumber,
      },
      events: [
        {
          date: new Date().toISOString(),
          text: { en: 'Successfully generated a random number' },
        },
      ],
    })
  },
}
```

## onError callback

The `onError` callback can be called to let Awell know something went wrong with running your extension code. However, the activity will still be completed.

The function can be called with the following (optional) parameter:

- **Events:** activity events can be used to provide more granular info on what the extension does. These events will be displayed under the "updates" tab in Awell Studio & Awell Care.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete, onError) => {
    try {
      // Connect to external API
    } catch {
      await onError({
        events: [
          {
            date: new Date().toISOString(),
            text: { en: "Couldn't connect to the external API" },
            error: {
              category: 'CONNECTION_ERROR',
              message: "Couldn't connect to the external API",
            },
          },
        ],
      })
    }

    await onComplete()
  },
}
```

Commit message:

chore(extensions): add onEvent documentation, deprecated onActiityCreated

content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/on-activity-created.mdx, after:

---
title: onActivityCreated function
description: Define the logic of what needs to happen when your action is activated
---

<Alert type="warning" title="hello"><p>the onActivityCreated function has been deprecated as of September 1, 2024. Please use the onEvent function.</p> </Alert>

The `onActivityCreated` function is called whenever orchestration or design (preview) activates a Custom Action. It will publish a message that is received by the extension server, which automatically finds the right Custom Action and calls the `onActivityCreated` function defined in that action.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative my-16">
  <div className="bg-white w-full mx-auto rounded-md dark:p-4 mx-auto">
    <a
      href="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1678711700/Developer%20portal/onActivityCreatedWithCallbacks.png"
      target="_blank"
      title="onActivityCreated with callbacks"
    >
      <img
        src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1678711700/Developer%20portal/onActivityCreatedWithCallbacks.png"
        alt="onActivityCreated with callbacks"
      />
    </a>
  </div>
</figure>

**The `onActivityCreated` function has a couple of parameters that will be useful when developing an extension:**

1. **Payload:** not only gives you access to the values of your extension settings and action fields but also to patient and pathway-related data.
2. **Callbacks:** they allow you to communicate with the Design (preview) or Orchestration engine and delegate back control to them. An extension should either call the `onComplete` or `onError` function.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
    ...,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete, onError) => {
    // Do something here
  },
}
```

## Payload

The payload allows you to access the values of your extension settings, action fields, and patient data.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload) => {
    const {
      patient, // access patient profile data for patient enrolled in pathway the activity is related to
      fields, // access the values of your action fields
      settings, // access the values of your extension settings
    } = payload

    // Do something
  },
}
```

## onComplete callback

The `onComplete` callback can be called to confirm your activity has been completed and can be called with the following (optional) parameters:

- **Data points:** allows you to ingest values in the pathway through data points which can then be used by the pathway builder for conditional logic, variables, and more.
- **Events:** activity events can be used to provide more granular info on what the extension does. These events will be displayed under the "updates" tab in Awell Studio & Awell Care.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete) => {
    const randomNumber = Math.random()

    await onComplete({
      data_points: {
        // Will create a "randomNumber" data point in the pathway and assign
        // the randomly generated number as the value
        randomNumber,
      },
      events: [
        {
          date: new Date().toISOString(),
          text: { en: 'Successfully generated a random number' },
        },
      ],
    })
  },
}
```

## onError callback

The `onError` callback can be called to let Awell know something went wrong with running your extension code. However, the activity will still be completed.

The function can be called with the following (optional) parameter:

- **Events:** activity events can be used to provide more granular info on what the extension does. These events will be displayed under the "updates" tab in Awell Studio & Awell Care.

```javascript
export const myAction = {
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, onComplete, onError) => {
    try {
      // Connect to external API
    } catch {
      await onError({
        events: [
          {
            date: new Date().toISOString(),
            text: { en: "Couldn't connect to the external API" },
            error: {
              category: 'CONNECTION_ERROR',
              message: "Couldn't connect to the external API",
            },
          },
        ],
      })
    }

    await onComplete()
  },
}
```
