content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/store-secrets.mdx, before:

---
title: Store secrets
description: Learn how to handle secrets and sensitive data
---

**Secrets should not be stored in the extension code** but should be handled via the extension settings.

## Example

**Imagine you are building a Twilio extension that creates a new Custom Action "Send SMS".** In order to to send an SMS with Twilio you will have to authenticate with Twilio's API first.

Instead of harcoding the API key in the extension code, which would be a very bad idea, or using environment variables, you want to make that the user who wants to use the extension can configure their own API key when installing the extension.

### Extension settings

```typescript
// Define extension settings
const twilioSettings = {
  apiKey: {
    label: 'API Key',
    key: 'apiKey',
    obfuscated: true,
    required: true,
    description: 'Enter your Twilio API key',
  },
} satisfies Record<string, Setting>

// Export extension with settings
const twilio: Extension = {
  ...,
  settings: twilioSettings,
}
```

### Accessing settings values in your extension code

When the SMS action is activated in orchestration (see `onActivityCreated`), you would like to use the API Key entered by the user to call the Twilio API/SDK.

```typescript
export const sendSMSAction: Action<typeof fields, typeof settings> = {
  ...,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, done) => {
    // Fetch the settings
    const { settings } = payload

    console.log('API Key inserted by the user: ' + settings.apiKey)

    // Handle sending of SMS via Twilio API/SDK

    await done()
  },
}
```

Commit message:

fix: add recommendation to use obfuscated settings

content/awell-extensions/docs/custom-actions/development/store-secrets.mdx, after:

---
title: Store secrets
description: Learn how to handle secrets and sensitive data
---

**Secrets should not be stored in the extension code** but should be handled via the extension settings.

## Example

**Imagine you are building a Twilio extension that creates a new Custom Action "Send SMS".** In order to to send an SMS with Twilio you will have to authenticate with Twilio's API first.

Instead of harcoding the API key in the extension code, which would be a very bad idea, or using environment variables, you want to make that the user who wants to use the extension can configure their own API key when installing the extension.

### Extension settings

```typescript
// Define extension settings
const twilioSettings = {
  apiKey: {
    label: 'API Key',
    key: 'apiKey',
    obfuscated: true, // set this to true when settings store sensitive data
    required: true,
    description: 'Enter your Twilio API key',
  },
} satisfies Record<string, Setting>

// Export extension with settings
const twilio: Extension = {
  ...,
  settings: twilioSettings,
}
```

### Accessing settings values in your extension code

When the SMS action is activated in orchestration (see `onActivityCreated`), you would like to use the API Key entered by the user to call the Twilio API/SDK.

```typescript
export const sendSMSAction: Action<typeof fields, typeof settings> = {
  ...,
  onActivityCreated: async (payload, done) => {
    // Fetch the settings
    const { settings } = payload

    console.log('API Key inserted by the user: ' + settings.apiKey)

    // Handle sending of SMS via Twilio API/SDK

    await done()
  },
}
```
