content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form.mdx, before:

---
title: Get form
description: Get the form definition of a given form
---

This query allows us to fetch the details and questions for a specific form and can be used to render the form and its questions in your UI..

## Evaluating display logic

A form may have questions that are conditionally shown/hidden based on previous answers in the form, which can be referred to as question visibility logic. In order to ensure you're always showing the right set of questions, you have 2 options:

1. Implement the logic yourself to evaluate the display logic and show/hide questions based on the answers given in a form. You can find the display logic under the `rule` field.
2. Use the `evaluateFormRules` mutation and just send us the intermediary responses on the questions and we'll let you know what questions need to be shown/hidden. [Click here for more information on this mutation](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/mutations/evaluate-form-rules).

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetForm($id: String!) {
  form(id: $id) {
    form {
      id
      definition_id # static id from Studio
      title
      key # form key set in Studio
      metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
      questions {
        id
        definition_id # static id from Studio
        title # string or html string (for description questions)
        key # question key set in Studio
        dataPointValueType
        questionType
        metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
        options {
          id
          value
          label
        }
        rule {
          # visibility conditions of a question
          boolean_operator
          conditions {
            id
            reference # definition id of the question this condition is based on
            operator
            operand {
              type
              value
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "id": "{{FORM_ID}}"
}
```

<br />

#### Where to find the form id

The id of the form can be found in the `object.id` field of an activity.

```json
{
  "activity": {
    "id": "{{ACTIVITY_ID}}",
    "object": {
      "id": "{{FORM_ID}}",
      "type": "form"
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

## How to use

<HowToUse storyIds={['conversational-form', 'form']} />

Commit message:

docs: add note about form metadata fields

content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form.mdx, after:

---
title: Get form
description: Get the form definition of a given form
---

This query allows us to fetch the details and questions for a specific form and can be used to render the form and its questions in your UI.

## Evaluating display logic

A form may have questions that are conditionally shown/hidden based on previous answers in the form, which can be referred to as question visibility logic. In order to ensure you're always showing the right set of questions, you have 2 options:

1. Implement the logic yourself to evaluate the display logic and show/hide questions based on the answers given in a form. You can find the display logic under the `rule` field.
2. Use the `evaluateFormRules` mutation and just send us the intermediary responses on the questions and we'll let you know what questions need to be shown/hidden. [Click here for more information on this mutation](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/mutations/evaluate-form-rules).

## Metadata

Form and question metadata is returned in all form queries as a JSON string rather than a JSON object. This is because the metadata is defined in Studio as a JSON string and we want to avoid any potential parsing errors. You can parse the metadata string into a JSON object in your application (for example, using `JSON.parse` in JavaScript/TypeScript, `json.loads` in Python or `json_decode` in PHP or Ruby).

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetForm($id: String!) {
  form(id: $id) {
    form {
      id
      definition_id # static id from Studio
      title
      key # form key set in Studio
      metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
      questions {
        id
        definition_id # static id from Studio
        title # string or html string (for description questions)
        key # question key set in Studio
        dataPointValueType
        questionType
        metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
        options {
          id
          value
          label
        }
        rule {
          # visibility conditions of a question
          boolean_operator
          conditions {
            id
            reference # definition id of the question this condition is based on
            operator
            operand {
              type
              value
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "id": "{{FORM_ID}}"
}
```

<br />

#### Where to find the form id

The id of the form can be found in the `object.id` field of an activity.

```json
{
  "activity": {
    "id": "{{ACTIVITY_ID}}",
    "object": {
      "id": "{{FORM_ID}}",
      "type": "form"
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

## How to use

<HowToUse storyIds={['conversational-form', 'form']} />
