content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-pathway-activities.mdx, before:

---
title: Get pathway activities
description: Get all activities in a given pathway
---

This query lets us fetch all of the pathway activities of any status for a specific orchestrated pathway, including system activities such as calculations or activations.

> We suggest reading the page on our [domain model](/awell-orchestration/docs/getting-started/domain-model) first to get an understanding of the activity model.

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathwayActivities($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathwayActivities(pathway_id: $pathway_id) {
    success
    activities {
      id
      stream_id
      status
      date
      isUserActivity
      subject {
        type
        name
      }
      action
      object {
        id
        type
        name
      }
      indirect_object {
        id
        type
        name
      }
      # For form content
      form {
        ...Form
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```

## How to use

### Get all pending user activities

**An orchesrated care flow consists of system activities and user actionable activities (forms, messages, checklists, ...).** System activities are activities related to the Orchestration of the care flow whereas user actionable activities are the actual activities a stakeholder (eg: patient) needs to interact with.

In most cases, you're only interested in the user actionable activities which you can get by filtering the activities array by the `isUserActivity` field.

Additionally, you can filter the results by `status === 'ACTIVE'` to only get the pending activities.

<Alert type="info">
  <p>
    The query doesn't support server-side filtering yet so the filters have to
    be applied on the response of the query.
  </p>
</Alert>

### Filter activities by stakeholder

User actionable activities need to be completed by a certain stakeholder. The stakeholder who needs to complete an activity is determined by the stakeholder you assigned to an action in Awell Studio. To get all pending activities for a given stakeholder, you can filter on the `activity.indirect_object.type` and the `activity.indirect_object.name` field.

**Example:**<br/>
If you'd like to get all pending activities for the patient, you can filter the activities array by `activity.indirect_object.type === PATIENT`.

The table below can help you with filtering activities for the right stakeholder:

<div className="flex flex-col">
  <div className="-my-2 -mx-4 overflow-x-auto sm:-mx-6 lg:-mx-8">
    <div className="inline-block min-w-full py-2 align-middle md:px-6 lg:px-8">
      <table className="ignore-default-style min-w-full divide-y divide-slate-300 dark:divide-slate-500">
        <thead>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-white text-base font-semibold">
            <th
              scope="col"
              className="py-3.5 pl-4 pr-3 text-left sm:pl-6 md:pl-0"
            >
              Stakeholder type <br />
              (activity.indirect_object.type)
            </th>
            <th scope="col" className="py-3.5 px-3 text-left">
              Stakeholder name <br />
              (activity.indirect_object.name)
            </th>
          </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody className="divide-y divide-slate-200 dark:divide-slate-700">
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              PATIENT
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">
              Name of the actual patient as stored in the Awell patient profile
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Nurse</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Physician</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Dietician</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">
              (any other stakeholder that is not the patient)
            </td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### Including Form Content in Form Activities

To simplify obtaining the content of a form for a form activity, there are two options:
- as with all actions, you can use the `activity.object.id` and the related getter query (e.g. GetForm, GetMessage) to fetch the content you need
- expand this query by including the `form` field at the `activity` root (see `...Form` in the query above), along with the form fields you are interested in. The schema of a form is identical to what you would use in the [GetForm](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form) query:

```graphql
form {
  id
  definition_id # static id from Studio
  title
  key # form key set in Studio
  questions {
    id
    definition_id # static id from Studio
    title # string or html string (for description questions)
    key # question key set in Studio
    dataPointValueType
    questionType
    options {
      id
      value
      label
    }
    rule {
      # visibility conditions of a question
      boolean_operator
      conditions {
        id
        reference # definition id of the question this condition is based on
        operator
        operand {
          type
          value
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

For non-Form activities, this field will return `null`. Currently, the `form` field is only available on this activity query. 

**Example:**<br/>
If you'd like to get all pending activities for the patient, you can filter the activities array by `activity.indirect_object.type === PATIENT`.

## Examples

<HowToUse storyIds={['activity-feed']} />

Commit message:

docs: add new metadata field to form queries (#138)
* docs: add new metadata field to form queries

* docs: add note about form metadata fields

content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-pathway-activities.mdx, after:

---
title: Get pathway activities
description: Get all activities in a given pathway
---

This query lets us fetch all of the pathway activities of any status for a specific orchestrated pathway, including system activities such as calculations or activations.

> We suggest reading the page on our [domain model](/awell-orchestration/docs/getting-started/domain-model) first to get an understanding of the activity model.

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetPathwayActivities($pathway_id: String!) {
  pathwayActivities(pathway_id: $pathway_id) {
    success
    activities {
      id
      stream_id
      status
      date
      isUserActivity
      subject {
        type
        name
      }
      action
      object {
        id
        type
        name
      }
      indirect_object {
        id
        type
        name
      }
      # For form content
      form {
        ...Form
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}"
}
```

## How to use

### Get all pending user activities

**An orchesrated care flow consists of system activities and user actionable activities (forms, messages, checklists, ...).** System activities are activities related to the Orchestration of the care flow whereas user actionable activities are the actual activities a stakeholder (eg: patient) needs to interact with.

In most cases, you're only interested in the user actionable activities which you can get by filtering the activities array by the `isUserActivity` field.

Additionally, you can filter the results by `status === 'ACTIVE'` to only get the pending activities.

<Alert type="info">
  <p>
    The query doesn't support server-side filtering yet so the filters have to
    be applied on the response of the query.
  </p>
</Alert>

### Filter activities by stakeholder

User actionable activities need to be completed by a certain stakeholder. The stakeholder who needs to complete an activity is determined by the stakeholder you assigned to an action in Awell Studio. To get all pending activities for a given stakeholder, you can filter on the `activity.indirect_object.type` and the `activity.indirect_object.name` field.

**Example:**<br/>
If you'd like to get all pending activities for the patient, you can filter the activities array by `activity.indirect_object.type === PATIENT`.

The table below can help you with filtering activities for the right stakeholder:

<div className="flex flex-col">
  <div className="-my-2 -mx-4 overflow-x-auto sm:-mx-6 lg:-mx-8">
    <div className="inline-block min-w-full py-2 align-middle md:px-6 lg:px-8">
      <table className="ignore-default-style min-w-full divide-y divide-slate-300 dark:divide-slate-500">
        <thead>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-white text-base font-semibold">
            <th
              scope="col"
              className="py-3.5 pl-4 pr-3 text-left sm:pl-6 md:pl-0"
            >
              Stakeholder type <br />
              (activity.indirect_object.type)
            </th>
            <th scope="col" className="py-3.5 px-3 text-left">
              Stakeholder name <br />
              (activity.indirect_object.name)
            </th>
          </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody className="divide-y divide-slate-200 dark:divide-slate-700">
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              PATIENT
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">
              Name of the actual patient as stored in the Awell patient profile
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Nurse</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Physician</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">Dietician</td>
          </tr>
          <tr className="text-slate-900 dark:text-slate-100">
            <td className="whitespace-nowrap font-semibold py-4 pl-4 pr-3 sm:pl-6 md:pl-0">
              STAKEHOLDER
            </td>
            <td className="py-4 px-3 text-base">
              (any other stakeholder that is not the patient)
            </td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### Including Form Content in Form Activities

To simplify obtaining the content of a form for a form activity, there are two options:

- as with all actions, you can use the `activity.object.id` and the related getter query (e.g. GetForm, GetMessage) to fetch the content you need
- expand this query by including the `form` field at the `activity` root (see `...Form` in the query above), along with the form fields you are interested in. The schema of a form is identical to what you would use in the [GetForm](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form) query:

```graphql
form {
  id
  definition_id # static id from Studio
  title
  key # form key set in Studio
  metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
  questions {
    id
    definition_id # static id from Studio
    title # string or html string (for description questions)
    key # question key set in Studio
    dataPointValueType
    questionType
    metadata # JSON metadata string set in Studio
    options {
      id
      value
      label
    }
    rule {
      # visibility conditions of a question
      boolean_operator
      conditions {
        id
        reference # definition id of the question this condition is based on
        operator
        operand {
          type
          value
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

For non-Form activities, this field will return `null`. Currently, the `form` field is only available on this activity query.

Form and question metadata is returned in all form queries as a JSON string rather than a JSON object. This is because the metadata is defined in Studio as a JSON string and we want to avoid any potential parsing errors. You can parse the metadata string into a JSON object in your application (for example, using `JSON.parse` in JavaScript/TypeScript, `json.loads` in Python or `json_decode` in PHP or Ruby).

**Example:**<br/>
If you'd like to get all pending activities for the patient, you can filter the activities array by `activity.indirect_object.type === PATIENT`.

## Examples

<HowToUse storyIds={['activity-feed']} />
