content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-forms-in-pathway.mdx, before:

---
title: Get all forms in a published pathway
description: Get all the form definitions in a published pathway
---

This query allows us to fetch the form details for all form defintions in a published care flow/pathway.

## All forms vs. forms that will be completed

Please note that this query returns all forms in a published care flow or pathway but that this doesn't necessarily mean that all these forms will be completed as that is dependent on the logic built into the care flow.

**See the example below:**

- There are 3 forms: Form A, B, and C.
- However, Form B is only activated when the subject is a male and Form C when the subject is a female
- The query will return all published forms in the care flow or pathway so Form A, B, and C but depending on the workflow some forms might never be completed.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative">
  <div className="bg-[#F0F6FF] p-12 w-full sm:w-8/12 mx-auto rounded-md">
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1667379532/Developer%20portal/getforms.png"
      alt="Get forms query"
    />
  </div>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-2">
    Depending on the care flow, some forms might never be completed.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetFormsForPublishedPathway(
  $pathway_definition_id: String!
  $release_id: String
) {
  forms(
    pathway_definition_id: $pathway_definition_id
    release_id: $release_id
  ) {
    forms {
      id
      title
      questions {
        id
        title
        dataPointValueType
        questionType
        options {
          id
          value
          label
        }
        rule {
          # visibility conditions of a question
          boolean_operator
          conditions {
            id
            reference
            reference_key
            operator
            operand
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

The `release_id` is optional. If not specified, we return the forms for the latest published version of the care flow or pathway.

```json
{
  "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}",
  "release_id": "{{PATHWAY_RELEASE_ID}}"
}
```

Commit message:

docs(forms): additional context on rendering forms with display logic

content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-forms-in-pathway.mdx, after:

---
title: Get all forms in a published pathway
description: Get all the form definitions in a published pathway
---

This query allows us to fetch the form details for all form defintions in a published care flow/pathway. Want to learn more about how to display the form in your UI and conditionally show/hide the correct questions based on the response? [Click here](/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form)!

## All forms vs. forms that will be completed

Please note that this query returns all forms in a published care flow or pathway but that this doesn't necessarily mean that all these forms will be completed as that is dependent on the logic built into the care flow.

**See the example below:**

- There are 3 forms: Form A, B, and C.
- However, Form B is only activated when the subject is a male and Form C when the subject is a female
- The query will return all published forms in the care flow or pathway so Form A, B, and C but depending on the workflow some forms might never be completed.

<figure className="w-full flex flex-col justify-center text-center relative">
  <div className="bg-[#F0F6FF] p-12 w-full sm:w-8/12 mx-auto rounded-md">
    <img
      src="https://res.cloudinary.com/da7x4rzl4/image/upload/v1667379532/Developer%20portal/getforms.png"
      alt="Get forms query"
    />
  </div>
  <figcaption className="dark:text-slate-400 pt-2">
    Depending on the care flow, some forms might never be completed.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetFormsForPublishedPathway(
  $pathway_definition_id: String!
  $release_id: String
) {
  forms(
    pathway_definition_id: $pathway_definition_id
    release_id: $release_id
  ) {
    forms {
      id
      title
      questions {
        id
        title
        dataPointValueType
        questionType
        options {
          id
          value
          label
        }
        rule {
          # visibility conditions of a question
          boolean_operator
          conditions {
            id
            reference
            reference_key
            operator
            operand
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Variables

The `release_id` is optional. If not specified, we return the forms for the latest published version of the care flow or pathway.

```json
{
  "pathway_definition_id": "{{PATHWAY_DEFINITION_ID}}",
  "release_id": "{{PATHWAY_RELEASE_ID}}"
}
```
