content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form-response.mdx, before:

---
title: Get form response
description: Get the form response from a given form activity
---

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetFormResponse($pathway_id: String!, $activity_id: String!) {
  formResponse(pathway_id: $pathway_id, activity_id: $activity_id) {
    response {
      answers {
        question_id
        value
        value_type
        label
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Label is nullable as it is only applicable in case of Multi-Choice questions where each option is a combination of a Value and a Label.

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}",
  "activity_id": "{{FORM_ACTIVITY_ID}}"
}
```

The inputs for this query are:

<div className="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Field</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>pathway_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the pathway</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>activity_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the form activity (note: not the form id)</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

Commit message:

make label note more clear in getFormResponse querymake label note more clear in getFormResponse querymake label note more clear in getFormResponse query

content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-form-response.mdx, after:

---
title: Get form response
description: Get the form response from a given form activity
---

## Request

### Query

```graphql
query GetFormResponse($pathway_id: String!, $activity_id: String!) {
  formResponse(pathway_id: $pathway_id, activity_id: $activity_id) {
    response {
      answers {
        question_id
        value
        value_type
        label
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Note: The `label` field may be empty (null) for non-multi-choice questions; for multi-choice questions, it represents the text description of the selected option, pairing its value with a descriptive label.

### Variables

```json
{
  "pathway_id": "{{PATIENT_PATHWAY_ID}}",
  "activity_id": "{{FORM_ACTIVITY_ID}}"
}
```

The inputs for this query are:

<div className="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Field</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>pathway_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the pathway</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>activity_id</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>the id of the form activity (note: not the form id)</td>
        <td>string</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>
